the beautiful beautiful team
we are at the reggina was now gone
ended with trembling inside the fingers
I write texts to feel better rein
he looks like a mad scream against the world
every time I wake up open eyes
in the light ears alert because
infamous are too many in this world that is
shit on a bench as it falls
the sun in the evening we see him again in the morning
on the wall a logo in a dark corner
i want becomes someone without ever from
fiat maisetti firm accounts within the
wallet remembers everything has a price but
friendship does not couple it even a book
in the air head of a storm the air that
it is always the same
if I change I do better but it doesn't change
almost less I walk my way
look at your feet on the ground
and who 24
and this is the music that always with him
the soul
and who 24 mixtape 2013 is the passion that
pushes us to do up and down the cost me
send home I'm the instigator of
this art has grown and is half of the road
it doesn't matter what amount of money
you will earn if you are false then false
you will die
bodies stuck in every crack of
that bench you can't put in
mind first visions that mix
inside the brain and on the most beautiful
good feet that repent inside
of a life of lies of conscience
always dirty the cash earned
behind the best I want a little
higher up but I'm not proud of this
average slam me class of you do
hurried if it looks like his thresholds
because my ass gets fucked for
allow their children to have a
future
it doesn't matter what I think as you judge i
my echoes 24 highlights my family
this here
and who 24 and this beautiful music you are
news and the soul
and who 24 2013
it is the passion that drives us to do
no
after